(DOCSP-43341) Adds reframed hierarchy page (#13)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/hierarchy.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: onecol

Organizations, projects, and {+clusters+} are the building blocks
of your {+service+} enterprise estate. At the organization level, you
can implement security controls and create users that work across one or more projects. Projects offer a more fine-grained security isolation
and authorization boundary, and {+clusters+} are your cloud databases

> in {+service+}.

Reviewer: Optional suggestion to split this into three bullet points

> 
> Organizations, projects, and clusters are the building blocks of your Atlas enterprise estate:
> 
> - At the organization level, you...
> - Projects offer a more fine-grained...
> - Clusters are your cloud databases in Atlas.

> Use the foundational guidance on this page to plan the hierarchy and size for your organizations, projects, and {+clusters+}. This guidance optimizes security and performance from the start while aligning with

Reviewer: For accuracy (the guidance itself doesn't optimize):
```suggestion
Use the foundational guidance on this page to plan the hierarchy and size for your organizations, projects, and {+clusters+}. This guidance helps you optimize your security and performance from the start while aligning with
```

your enterprise's billing and access needs.

{+service+} Features and Best Practices for Hierarchy
-----------------------------------------------------

You can use the following levels of hierarchy to define
security settings and governance for your {+service+} enterprise estate:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 40

   * - {+service+} Hierarchy Level
     - Description

   * - (Optional) Paying Organization
     - One organization can be a paying organization for other
       organization(s). The MongoDB account team must enable the paying organization when you establish the |service| subscription. A paying organization lets you set up :atlas:`cross-organization billing <billing/#std-label-cross-org-billing>` to share a
       billing subscription across multiple organizations.

   * - Organization

>      - Invoicing aggregates and generates at this level. Line items go

Reviewer: I think we can define which level for clarity
```suggestion
     - Invoicing aggregates and generates at the organization level. Line items go
```

       to cluster level and below. An organization often maps to a
       business unit (BU) or application.

   * - Project
     - Security configuration for the data plane (including database

>        clusters and other data services) occurs at this level,

Reviewer: Same comment
```suggestion
       clusters and other data services) occurs at the project level,
```

>        including network security. A project often maps to an application and environment (for example: Customer Portal app -

Reviewer: Dangling modifier, suggest moving this earlier within the parentheses

i.e.
> (including database clusters, network security, and other data services)

       Production environment). For each project, there is one dedicated VPC created in GCP, and one VPC/VNet per region in AWS
       and Azure. 

   * - {+Cluster+}
     - |service| provisions each {+cluster+} within the dedicated 
       VPC/VNet(s) for a project. The security configuration is shared
       among {+clusters+} in the project, except for user roles and authorization, which you can apply to actions on a {+cluster+},
       database, and collection level.

**DIAGRAM**

Suggested Org and Project Hierarchies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _project-hierarchy-1:

Suggested Hierarchy 1: Fewer Atlas Organizations
````````````````````````````````````````````````

> This hierarchy, which creates fewer |service| organizations, might be useful if you have common teams and permissions across the business unit, and less than the (raiseable) limit of 250 projects per organization. 

Reviewer: Suggest adding some sentence that clarifies that this is an example. Left an idea below.
Also question, if the limit is raisable, is it actually a limit?

```suggestion
Consider the following hierarchy for an example enterprise. This hierarchy, which creates fewer |service| organizations, might be useful if you have common teams and permissions across the business unit, and less than the raisable limit of 250 projects per organization. 
```

**DIAGRAM TO REPLACE TEXT**

> - Atlas Paying Org - Acme Inc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Atlas Paying Org: Acme Inc
```

Author: This text will be removed entirely when the diagram is ready. The diagram replaces it

> - Atlas Paying Org - Acme Inc

Reviewer: Optional suggestion. We can further distinguish between name and level by bolding the level
i.e.

**Atlas Org**: Consumer Products BU
- **Project**: Consumer Customer Portal

Author: This text will be removed entirely when the diagram is ready. The diagram replaces it

  - Atlas Org: Consumer Products Business Unit

    - Project: Consumer Customer Portal - Production (environment) 
    - Project: Consumer Customer Portal - Test 
    - Project: Consumer Customer Portal - Dev 
    - Project: Product Mgmt App - Production 
    - Project: Product Mgmt App - Test 
    - Project: Product Mgmt App - Dev 

  - Atlas Org: Corporate Products BU

.. _project-hierarchy-2:

Suggested Hierarchy 2: More Atlas Organizations
```````````````````````````````````````````````

> This hierarchy creates a relatively large number of |service|

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above:
```suggestion
Consider the following hierarchy for a different enterprise. 
This hierarchy creates a relatively large number of |service|
```

organizations: one per application or scrum team. This hierarchy might
be useful if each of your teams is fairly independent, they don't share people or permissions within a business unit, or they want to buy credits themselves through the cloud provider marketplace. There is
no paying organization in this hierarchy.

**DIAGRAM TO REPLACE TEXT**

> - Atlas Org: Consumer Customer Portal - paying at this level too

Reviewer: Q: what does "paying at this level too" refer to?

Author: It means that each Org has its own billing (rather than all rolling up to one Paying org). But this text will be removed entirely when the diagram is ready and the diagram replaces it, so really just notes to understand without a diagram for now

.. _deployment-hierarchy:

Suggested Deployment Hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To allow fine-grained access control, we recommend one deployment
per |service| project.

DIAGRAM

Grouping multiple deployments in one project by team simplifies
administration when the same team is responsible for all stages of
development, acceptance testing, and production. However, this
increases the risk of human error, since DevOps members also have
access to production {+clusters+}.

DIAGRAM

Grouping multiple deployments in one project by environment simplifies
administration when a separate team is responsible for each stage of
development, acceptance testing, and production. It allows Dev and UAT
hosts to support multiple nodes when testing shard-level operations like adding shards, and testing new zone rules. However, there is a
risk of human error because the same DevOps teams can access multiple
sub-organizations' databases.

DIAGRAM

.. _arch-center-cluster-size-guide:

{+service+} {+Cluster+} Size Guide
----------------------------------

Use the following {+cluster+} size guide to select a {+cluster+} tier that ensures performance without over-provisioning.

The {+cluster+}

> size guide uses "t-shirt sizing," a common analogy used in software development and infrastructure to describe capacity planning in a simplified manner, to simplify selecting a {+cluster+} tier. You should

Reviewer: I think this is redundant considering the first sentence in this section 
```suggestion
size guide uses "t-shirt sizing," a common analogy used in software development and infrastructure to describe capacity planning in a simplified manner. You should
```

      Create the Organizations
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

      Run the following command for each business unit. Change

>       the IDs and names to use your values::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the IDs and names to use your actual values:
```

      see |service-terraform| and the `MongoDB Terraform Blog Post
      <https://www.mongodb.com/developer/products/atlas/deploy-mongodb-atlas-terraform-aws/>`__.

Next Steps
----------

After you plan the hierarchy and size for your organizations, projects,
and {+clusters+}, see the following suggested resources or use the left

> navigation to find features and best practices for each pillar.

Reviewer: It's unclear to me what "pillar" refers to here. Does it refer to the following three links, or something else?

Author: Good call, pillars are the "Well-Architected Framework" categories that are the top-level left nav for these docs. I'll clarify by adding a link (currently the link just goes to mongodb.com, but it will point to the Well-Architected Framework pillars overview page when it's ready)
